Document the new way of using external images in CI (#439)
openshift/ci-docs: content/en/docs/how-tos/external-images.md

description: How to mirror external images to the CI environments for use in jobs.
---

> The `ci-operator` config only allows to refer an image in form of `namespace/name:tag`, it does not allow to specify arbitrary Docker pull specs. In order

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ci-operator` config only allows referencing an image in the form of `namespace/name:tag`, it does not allow the specification of arbitrary Docker pull specs. In order
```

[the `core-services/image-mirroring` folder](https://github.com/openshift/release/tree/master/core-services/image-mirroring/) of `openshift/release` repository.

```yaml
supplementalCIImages:
  ci/boskos:latest:
    image: gcr.io/k8s-staging-boskos/boskos:latest
  ci/ci-tools-build-root:1.21:
    namespace: ci
    name: ci-tools-build-root
    tag: "1.21"
```

The above stanza indicates the image `gcr.io/k8s-staging-boskos/boskos:latest` is pushed to QCI as `quay.io/openshift/ci:ci_boskos_latest` and
`registry.ci.openshift.org/ci/ci-tools-build-root:1.21` as `quay.io/openshift/ci:ci_ci-tools-build-root_1.21`. The target of the mapping
`supplementalCIImages` is of the form `namespace/name:tag` and the source is specified either by `image` or a reference of an `imagestreamtag` on `app.ci`. The latter kind of source is useful when the source image is on `app.ci`, e.g., the output of a `buildConfig`.
It takes a couple of hours to complete the mirroring after the change on the configuration file is merged.

> Once the target image lands on QCI, it can be referred in ci-operator's config file such as the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the target image lands on QCI, it can be referenced in ci-operator's config file as follows:
```
